[IMP] inventory: update cycle counts doc (#8858)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/warehouses_storage/inventory_management/cycle_counts.rst

To enable this feature, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`,
and scroll down to the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section. Then, tick the checkbox next to
:guilabel:`Storage Locations`, and click :guilabel:`Save`.

.. image:: cycle_counts/cycle-counts-enabled-setting.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enabled Storage Locations setting in inventory settings.

Change inventory count frequency by location
============================================

Once the *Storage Locations* feature is enabled, and there are multiple locations created in the
warehouse, the inventory count frequency can be changed for specific locations.

To view and edit locations, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Locations`. This reveals a :guilabel:`Locations` page containing every location currently created
and listed in the warehouse.

From this page, click into a location to reveal the settings and configuration page for that
location.

Under the :guilabel:`Cyclic Counting` section, locate the :guilabel:`Inventory Frequency (Days)`
field, which should be set to `0` by default (if this location has not been edited previously). In

> this field, change the value to whichever number of days is desired for the frequency of counts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this field, change the value to any number of days desired for the frequency of counts.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. image:: cycle_counts/cycle-counts-frequency-value.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Location frequency setting on location.

.. example::
   A location that needs an inventory count every 30 days should have the :guilabel:`Inventory
   Frequency (Days)` value set to `30`.

Now, once an inventory adjustment is applied to this location, the next scheduled count date is
automatically set, based on the value entered into the :guilabel:`Inventory Frequency (Days)` field.

Count inventory by location
===========================

To perform a cycle count for a specific location in the warehouse, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Physical Inventory`. This reveals an

> :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` page containing all products currently in stock, with each product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` page containing all products currently in-stock, with each product
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

listed on its own line.

> From this page, the :guilabel:`Filters` and :guilabel:`Group By` buttons (at the top of the page,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this page, the :guilabel:`Filters` and :guilabel:`Group By` options (accessible by clicking the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon,
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar), can be used to select specific locations and perform
inventory counts.

> To select a specific location and view all products within that location, click the :guilabel:`⬇️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To select a specific location, and view all products within that location, click the :guilabel:`⬇️
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

(down arrow)` icon, to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. Then, in the :guilabel:`Group By`
column, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group` to reveal a new drop-down menu.

.. image:: cycle_counts/cycle-counts-filter-menu.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Filters and Group By menu on Inventory Adjustments page.

Click :guilabel:`Location` from the drop-down menu. Doing so sorts products into their storage

> location's drop-down menu, and a cycle count can be performed for all products in that location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
locations on the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` page, and a cycle count can be performed for all products in that location.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. tip::
   In large warehouses with multiple locations and a high volume of products, it might be easier to
   search for the specific location desired. To do this, from the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments`
   page, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar.

   Then, in the :guilabel:`Filters` column, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` to open an
   :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window.

   In the first field, click the value and select :guilabel:`Location` from the list of options.

>    Select :guilabel:`contains` in the second field. In the third field, type In the third field,
>    type in the name of the location being searched for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Select :guilabel:`contains` in the second field. In the third field, type in the name of the location being searched for.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   Click :guilabel:`Add` for that location to appear on the page.

   .. image:: cycle_counts/cycle-counts-add-custom-filter.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Add Custom Filter pop-up window with location values entered.

Change full inventory count frequency
=====================================

While cycle counts are typically performed per location, the scheduled date for full inventory
counts of all in-stock products in the warehouse can also be manually changed, to push the date up
sooner than the date listed.

To modify the default scheduled date, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Settings`. Then, in the :guilabel:`Operations` section, locate the :guilabel:`Annual Inventory Day

> and Month` setting field, which includes a drop-down that is set to `31` :guilabel:`December` by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and Month` setting, which includes a drop-down field that is set to `31` :guilabel:`December`, by
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

which companies count their inventory more often in certain *locations*, to ensure that their
physical inventory counts match their inventory records.

Configuration
=============

In Odoo, cycle counts are performed by location. Therefore, the *Storage Locations* feature needs to
be enabled before performing a cycle count.

To enable this feature, navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`,
and scroll down to the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section. Then, tick the checkbox next to

> :guilabel:`Storage Locations`, and click :guilabel:`Save` to save changes.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   Frequency (Days)` value set to `30`.

Now, once an inventory adjustment is applied to this location, the next scheduled count date is
automatically set, based on the value entered into the :guilabel:`Inventory Frequency (Days)` field.

Count inventory by location
===========================

To perform a cycle count for a specific location in the warehouse, navigate to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations --> Physical Inventory`. This reveals an
:guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments` page containing all products currently in stock, with each product
listed on its own line.

From this page, the :guilabel:`Filters` and :guilabel:`Group By` buttons (at the top of the page,
to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar), can be used to select specific locations and perform
inventory counts.

To select a specific location and view all products within that location, click the :guilabel:`⬇️
(down arrow)` icon, to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar. Then, in the :guilabel:`Group By`
column, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Group` to reveal a new drop-down menu.

.. image:: cycle_counts/cycle-counts-filter-menu.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Filters and Group By menu on Inventory Adjustments page.

Reviewer 2: nitpick: what do you think about retaking this image to include the down arrow icon? I was thinking that it's kind of small and hard for a first time user to find, and it would be helpful to have it pictured. Up to you, though!

> Click :guilabel:`Location` from the drop-down menu. The page displays condensed drop-down menus of
> each location in the warehouse that has products in stock, and a cycle count can be performed for
> all products in that location.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click :guilabel:`Location` from the drop-down menu. Doing so sorts products into their storage location's drop-down menu, and a cycle count can be performed for
all products in that location.
```

Attempt at a rewrite! Feel free to tweak as you see fit

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

.. tip::
   In large warehouses with multiple locations and a high volume of products, it might be easier to
   search for the specific location desired. To do this, from the :guilabel:`Inventory Adjustments`
   page, click the :guilabel:`⬇️ (down arrow)` icon to the right of the :guilabel:`Search...` bar.

   Then, in the :guilabel:`Filters` column, click :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` to open an
   :guilabel:`Add Custom Filter` pop-up window.

>    In the first field, click the value and select :guilabel:`Location` from the list of options. In
>    the second field, click the value and change it to :guilabel:`contains`. In the third field, type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   In the first field, click the value and select :guilabel:`Location` from the list of options. Select :guilabel:`contains`
   in the second field. In the third field, type
```
